[Music]
the question is what makes sharks more
intelligent than many other fish we
begin our investigation and to charge
intelligence by looking at the basic
elements that constitute a shark out of
the over 450 shark species reef sharks
are the classic prototype that's the
basis of Robo sharks design a shark is
perfectly streamlined to attack through
water it's covered in tiny interlocking
plates called tentacles each one is
ridged to break down water turbulence
and minimize drag so sharks swim
smoothly and in silence but there's much
more to sharks than meets the eye
they're armed with an astonishing array
of supercharged senses they can detect a
single drop of blood in 25 million drops
of seawater they hear low-frequency
sounds from more than a mile around
through their inner ears
they have a lion of pressure detectors
down each flank the detect movement and
give the shark a 3d map of its
surroundings in low-light shark eyes are
10 times more sensitive than ours and
sharks can detect the electrical
impulses that are generated by all
living things down to just five billions
of a vote so it's hardly surprising that
sharks are among the most successful
predators in the ocean
[Music]
you